The below are key findings and recommendations from a survey of 600 registered voters in Illinois, with an additional 300 oversample of Will and DuPage counties. A phone survey was conducted from March 27 through April 2, 2013. Margin of error is +/- 4 per
To read this post in Spanish, click here.
This Sunday’s election in Venezuela seemed to be a foregone conclusion: many assumed Nicolás Maduro, right hand man of Hugo Chavez and his hand-picked successor, would easily claim victory. And they did so with just cause: only six months ago, Chávez h
Greenberg Quinlan Rosner has done extensive public opinion research in Venezuela – hundreds of focus groups and scores of surveys – and the focus groups we conducted in Caracas just nine days after Chavez’s death among swing voters showed a new openi
By: Brady Campaign to Reduce Gun Violence and Greenberg Quinlan Rosner
The overheated rhetoric in Washington belies a broad consensus among voters and gun owners that it is possible to reduce gun violence in this country while protecting the Second Amendment. Voters and gun owners come together to support basic, common sense 
Mushroom picking. For years I'd wanted to indulge in this foraging fantasy, my mind filled with romanticised visions of skipping in a cool dark forest with a wicker basket tucked under my arm, stopping every now and then to pluck a large waiting mushroom t
The reality, of course, was markedly different. For us, it began with a 5.30am wake-up call so we could be on the road by
If you are lucky enough to have awesome friends like Veruca Salt (who packed the boot with fried eggs, crispy bacon, grilled sausages, caramelised onions, soft buns, tomato sauce and barbecue sauce for breakfast) then a rest stop at the Glenbrook Visitor I
Mushroom picking leaflets in English, Chinese and Korean
There are only two mushrooms that visitors are recommended to pick:
- the saffron milk cap (lactarius delicosus), commonly known as the pine mushroom; and
- the slippery jack (suillus luteus or boletus luteus).
There are over 40,000 hectares of State-owned pine forests in the Oberon area. We elected to head to the Vulcan State Forest, one of the oldest pine forests in the area. The older the pine forest is, the more likely it is to have sufficient pine needle mat
The pine forests are divided by dirt roads, and logging trucks are a common sight. All that is forgotten when you enter the cool depths of the forest, an eerily quiet sanctuary broken only by the snap and crack of twigs and branches underfoot. The forest f
But there's magic to be found in the form of mushrooms, and it's hard not to shriek a little when we find the first pine mushrooms. It's like a real life Easter egg hunt, except mushrooms are our gustatory treasures.
Slippery jacks (suillus luteus or boletus luteus)
We find plenty of slippery jacks, known for its distinctive sticky and slightly slimy caps.These are quite mild in flavour, heralding from the same family as the porcini mushroom.
Spongy gills underneath the slippery jack (suillus luteus or boletus luteus)
The slippery jack has spongy gills underneath. To prepare slippery jacks for eating, pull away and remove the sponge, discard the stem and peel the top skin. The slimy cap may cause stomach upsets if not peeled. You will be left with a thin white "fillet" 
Slippery jacks tend to absorb a lot of moisture so can be difficult to pick just after the rain when they become soggy and rot easily. Slippery jacks need to be cooked within a few days after picking, as they do not keep well. They can also be pickled or d
Cutting a pine mushroom (saffron milk cap or lactarius deliciosus)
Finding quality pine mushrooms (saffron milk caps or lactarius deliciosus) is less easy. There are plenty of large older pine mushrooms, but these tend to be dry or damaged. The best eating ones are young - smaller in size and vibrant in colour.
Distinctive orange gills of the pine mushroom (saffron milk cap or lactarius deliciosus)
The orange gills of the pine mushroom are extremely sensitive - any bruising will quickly result in a green discoloration.
Pine mushrooms and slippery jacks
To minimise damage to the mushrooms, we've brought along plenty of shallow boxes to prevent them crushing each other. We make regular trips back to the car to deposit our haul.
A giant heart-shaped pine mushroom warrants a photo, as do the myriad of fly agaric mushrooms we encounter.
The toad-stuhl gets its name from its use as a common household killer for flys. The toad-stuhl or fly agaric is poisonous, and can cause hallucinations, delirium, severe stomach upsets, seizures, muscle spasms, and in some cases, death.
It is recommended to avoid touching any mushrooms that are clearly not pine mushrooms (saffron milk caps) nor slippery jacks, particularly to prevent contaminating your hands, knives or edible mushrooms with potentially dangerous spores.
They are fascinating, but the closest I got to these specimens was admiring them through a lens!
Unidentified mushroom (that looks rather ominous!)
We found wombat burrows, fox dens and even a shy local who wasn't keen on entertaining visitors...
I spy with my little eye...
Echidna hiding in a burrow (if I can't see you, you can't see me!)
It was quite amazing to see this little echidna, its quills quivering as it breathed heavily in its hidey hole. We left it alone of course, quietly retreating back out of the forest with our mushroom pillage.
After a long day we came away with an impressive stash of mushrooms, dispensed to a network of family and friends. I cooked mine simply, pan-fried at high heat with a little butter and a sprinkle of salt. You can also add garlic, parsley and/or bacon if yo
The mushroom season in Oberon usually runs from late January until late April/early May depending on the weather. The optimal time for finding mushroom is a few days after rain. If you are interested in mushrooming, here are a couple of tips that may help!
10 Tips for Mushroom Picking in Oberon
- Visit the Oberon Visitor Information Centre for maps on where to go, mushroom-picking leaflets and advice and tips on how to correctly identify and pick pine mushrooms and slippery jacks. Permits are not required for mushrooming but removing timber, fire
